CameraRig/README.md, before:

These are the files to build a low cost camera motion controller.

The blend files are the designs of the parts. Different versions are included. These are better thought of as a set of guidelines and suggestions rather than a step wise build process.

The blend files may have several scenes with alternative designs.

The design uses:

Tubing. Recycled cheap gazebo or tent poles.
Stepper motors - NEMA 17 seem to work OK.
Arduino Uno pluc CNC sheild and stepper motor drivers
Timing belt, about 10m.
3D Printed parts. About 2kg of filiment may be needed. Most parts can be printed "course". The gears need to be printed "fine" resolution.
An ATX PSU (salvage from old PC)

Software

The Ardunio source CMController runs the camera motion controller. The PanTilt runs the servo based pan-tilt.

The software has a simple terminal interface.


Acknowledgements

Thingverse was a source of various parts and ideas which were modified and kitbashed as required. 


Raldrich Planetary NEMA17 FIXED by biomushroom on Thingiverse: https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:775636
DSLR Camera Pan Tilt Mount (Stepper Motor Driven) by isaac879 on Thingiverse: https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:4316563
Kayak Hoist Pulley Wheel by Jim1993 on Thingiverse: https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:5153116

Commit message:

Added RigPartsFinal blend file. Updated README

CameraRig/README.md, after:

These are the files to build a low cost camera motion controller.

The blend files are the designs of the parts. Different versions are included. These are better thought of as a set of guidelines and suggestions rather than a step wise build process.

The blend files may have several scenes with alternative designs.

RigPartsFinal.blend has the set of parts used in the rig shown in the video. Use this to generate the STL for printing

The design uses:

Tubing. Recycled cheap gazebo or tent poles.
Stepper motors - NEMA 17 seem to work OK for positioning. 28BYJ-48 stepper motors are used with the pan/tilt
Arduino Uno pluc CNC sheild and stepper motor drivers

Timing belt, about 10m.

3D Printed parts. About 2kg of filiment may be needed. Most parts can be printed "course". The gears need to be printed "fine" resolution.

An ATX PSU (salvage from old PC). The rig has peak current draw of several amps at 12V,

Software

The Ardunio source CMController runs the camera motion controller. 

The PanTilt runs the servo based pan-tilt.

The software has a simple serial terminal interface.


Acknowledgements

Thingverse was a source of various parts and ideas which were modified and kitbashed as required. 


Raldrich Planetary NEMA17 FIXED by biomushroom on Thingiverse: https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:775636
DSLR Camera Pan Tilt Mount (Stepper Motor Driven) by isaac879 on Thingiverse: https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:4316563
Kayak Hoist Pulley Wheel by Jim1993 on Thingiverse: https://www.thingiverse.com/thing:5153116
